This is a false flag
attack. Someone's making sure
- no one deals with us.
- If anything.
we've been cozying up. trying
to secure rare earth metals.
It's Viking.
- Whatever it takes.
Get OGC to bless this.
The Chinese delegate met
with a Western woman.
I accessed her room
and cloned her laptop.
I even recorded her voice.
- You've done well. Danny.
- Send me back to Tehran. sir.
Valhalla smuggles diamonds
onto the world market through
this man. Mikkel de Bruyne.
Somewhere in this chain.
we find a weak link
who puts us next to Viking.
- You want me to go to Africa?
- Yes.
Give me a map of London
with 16 blinking red dots. including you.
This stays between us.
I have the result
of the voice analysis you asked for.
I know her.
She works under Richardson.
- We need to recall Gremlin.
- Why would we do that?
Because her boyfriend
is working for the Chinese.
- What are you doing?
- You're under arrest
for sharing intelligence with the enemy.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I have all your conversations
since you arrived...
phone. email. text message.
I know everything.
And I smell bullshit.
Make a list of every target
you recruited for the Chinese
or planned to approach.
I promise you'll get prison.
not the noose.
I work on geophysics.
My job is to conduct
seismological research.
Write names...
and live.
Do you know Hassan Zamani?
Yes.
He was your target.
He's my boyfriend.
Well. in that case. you must miss him.
This is what happens
if you stick to your lies.
Now. either
I send him back
to my expert friend upstairs
to finish this job.
or you can spare him.
Stop. Please stop.
Not you. Him.
Now you.
Write the names of your targets.
Save his life.
I don't know any names.
You have one minute to say goodbye.
You got too close.
Two circles.
One for friends. one for targets.
They never mix. A target is an enemy
of you. of your country.
of the Agency.
Our enemies shut up.
get out of the way or die.
I'll alert my embassy.
It's too late.
This is all some horrible mistake.
I did this.
I'm sorry.
There's a cost for doing this work.
a price.
Are you sure you want to pay it?
I love you.
I love you. too.
Stop.
No!
Fuck.
I saw the cable. What's going on?
- No.
- Tell me.
- Not now.
- She's my agent.
I said no.
But Craig can brief? This is bullshit.
Craig is on Iran desk.
And no. he does not know
the full picture.
Gremlin is in a cell.
I can't just sit at my desk doing nothing.
I know the feeling. trust me.
Listen.
I have a theory... involving Martian.
It's definitely not the time
to be airing pet theories.
Henry. the time is now.
If we both think that he...
I counsel you. Do not
identify yourself. even to me.
If you're wrong. you jumped too soon.
If you're right. you become a target.
And it's not just careers that will end.
- You make one misstep...
- We'd be in danger?
You're hunting a predator.
Miss the kill shot.
it comes for you.
And I thought we were fucking
this up when I got on the plane.
We got behind the eight ball in Bahrain.
so this is just a consequence.
Someone in this station has sold
your product to the Chinese.
We don't know that.
Do we need to clean house
to exclude that possibility?
- Yes. of course we do.
- Fuck possibility.
I've seen the evidence. This is a fact.
Evidence?
What evidence have you seen?
British intercepts.
Gremlin's field reports
leaked to a Chinese asset.
Where did you hear that?
Show the SIS chief in.
Morning. Jim.
Wish I were here
under happier circumstances.
- Is this an ambush?
- Far from it.
You're under attack.
but I am the relief column.
Or the cavalry. as you like to say.
James. tell Jim
what you told me this morning.
Our GCHQ has a SIGINT intercept
which shows
that Gremlin's reports
were being passed to the Chinese
by a senior officer in this station.
Bullshit.
We certainly hoped so.
I actually prayed.
You got a name for me?
Fuck off.
British evidence is clear.
Look.
I know... I know this is hard. but...
if that person put an agent
in the field in danger.
I want them fucking burned at the stake.
If this is real. so do I.
We need to get this upstairs.
How much does Washington know
about us cleaning house?
Nothing.
They're politicians.
They want solutions. not problems.
Yeah. Well. let's keep it that way.
Tehran?
It's in the morning packet.
so he probably hasn't read it.
Trust me. He's read it.
Viking was a category 1 target.
Why is he still breathing?
An attempt was made.
sir. but we're dealing with
a more advanced counterintel
setup than we anticipated.
The agent who lost a leg?
Yes. sir.
And this morning.
JSOC lost two more operators.
- Good men.
- Should I be worried
their identities may be used
to create further false flag attacks?
We have to assume
that this was the beginning
of a campaign. yes.
The African Union meets in a week
to discuss rare earth metals.
If Viking attacks that
and makes it look like we did it...
Okay. so. what's the play?
We have a second fuse lit.
- Timeline?
- Sensitive.
- Matter of days.
- See to it.
The White House is up my ass
on this one.
- What's up?
- We got a problem.
Let me guess. Nils has been googling.
Yup. Our asset's been
on a "sledgehammer execution"
deep dive.
What's his panic level?
He emptied his current account.
Presently searching airline sites.
Flights to Costa Rica. Venezuela.
Maybe he's planning
to reward himself post-mission.
Some quality "him" time.
De Bruyne chartered a private jet
from Antwerp to Africa
day after tomorrow.
If Nils doesn't get on that plane.
- we're fucked.
- Everything's in place.
He's just got to hold his shit together
- long enough to board a plane.
- Should you call him?
Don't squeeze.
When an asset gets spooked.
they're like a wet bar of soap.
We can't just wait for him to run.
Close OTG surveillance.
Get grandparents on him.
whoever's closest.
If he makes a move.
standing order is to lock him down.
Enter.
If you think your silence
isn't communicating.
you're mistaken.
That body language is screaming
something's wrong.
What is it?
This special investigation
you and Henry are doing.
Yes?
How close are you to a name?
Don't you think
you'd know if we had that?
It's a... a process.
We're making progress.
It's more elimination
rather than identification.
All right. so nothing conclusive?
Not yet.
- But...
- But what?
As I mentioned in my report to you. I...
I get the impression that
Henry isn't sharing everything.
I... imagine
he wants to be careful
before accusing anyone.
His methods have been questioned
in the past. It's...
- Secretive?
- Well. we're all that here.
aren't we?
Yeah.
Thanks. That's all I wanted to know.
What do you got?
I made it through the encryption
on the field clone of the SIS laptop.
Can you confirm who it belongs to?
Details of the approach
to Hassan Zamani in Bahrain.
British report suggests
Zamani be approached
"with a high-status international position
in the energy sector."
It's Gremlin's report.
You're certain it's a match?
It's not just a match. It's 100%.
Someone in this building.
with access to Gremlin's report.
passed it to the Brits.
And there's another document.
- It's word for word.
- Did she send that to anyone?
This man.
Li Wenyin. Chinese delegate
at the conference.
I never saw this.
I wish I could say the same.
Do we have a meeting?
Yeah. I think we do.
I...
I know you told me to back off.
But my gut said no.
And it was right.
It's...
it's Martian.
Selling product through a back door
to a rogue cell over at the Brits.
A bad box in their China desk.
Okay.
So in the interest
of leaving no stone unturned.
why in the wide world of fuck
would Martian do that?
To secure Sami Zahir's release.
Henry...
British intel's always been
Swiss cheese. You know this.
The Russians had Anthony Blunt
in Buckingham Palace
having lunch with the queen
once a week
right throughout the Cold War.
Why didn't you come to me earlier?
Look. I don't want to go after
one of our own any more than you do.
Drop the act.
What?
Game's over. Henry.
What are you talking about?
What the fuck is this?
Mr. Ogletree. we're detaining
you for conspiring
to gather and deliver
national defense information.
It's Richardson.
Yeah. Yeah.
Chief of British Intelligence
is a double agent.
- Jim. look at me.
- What am I looking at. Henry?
What are you?
Your goddamn deputy!
Pending investigation.
you are now under custodial protection.
I'm sorry.
It's out of my hands. Take him.
Henry. what's going on?
Stay back. ma'am.
What's happening?
Make sure all the papers
on my desk go into my safe.
God preserve thy people.
- What's going on?
- Shut up and listen.
We need to get into Henry's
office now before they seal it.
Go.
- Where is his safe?
- I don't have the code.
Spasi. Gospodi. lyudi Tvoya.
- What?
- "God Preserve Thy People."
Tchaikovsky.
It's the Russian Orthodox chant
at the start of the 1812 Overture.
How the fuck did you know that?
Henry trained me.
In Sleep Deprivation. he played
it for 72 hours. full volume.
You don't forget that.
- What's up?
- It's Henry.
His. his office is cleared.
He's been detained.
Yeah.
I just heard.
Henry's the reason Bahrain went south.
It's probably why he was so keen
to go out there in person to clean it up.
Who's the source?
Look. I know this is going to affect you.
It's hit us all here. too.
but it cannot impact the mission.
Langley's got us
under a microscope here.
It's become a-a game chip
for the Oval Office.
I don't buy it.
Henry was willing to throw you
under the bus to save his skin.
He came to me
with your scalp in his hand.
Was it the Brits?
I can't confirm or deny.
but our D/CIA and the British "C"
are at Centre Court
watching the Djokovic match together.
This will not impact
the mission. You have my word.
Yahtzee.
Shit.
Nils. Are you okay?
Me? I'm fucking great. I'm superb.
I'm-I'm fucking great.
I told you to use this phone
only if there was an emergency.
I got one. I'm not doing it.
- I can't do it.
- Nils...
I don't want to do it.
Get the grandparents up there right now.
This piece of shit's about to fly the coop.
We discussed this. Nils.
We discussed the repercussions
if you decided not to cooperate.
You and I made a deal.
Look. man. I did what you asked.
I waited for the package. I open this box
and saw what's inside.
Watches.
Three dive watches engraved
with Valhalla's insignia.
- They're gifts.
- I'm not stupid.
"Make sure the one
with the black dot goes
to a guy they call Viking"?
You guys put GPS in
or some shit. send a drone in.
Nils. there's no GPS
in any of the watches.
I guarantee that.
I'm not fucking with these guys!
There is no GPS tracker
in the watch for Viking. There's a bomb.
A bomb?
You'll be far enough away
long before it's detonated.
Are you insane?
You want me to mule
a fucking bomb to a mass murderer?
- Yes.
- A bomb?!
Yes. and I can detonate it right now
and send in a bunch of guys
to make it look like a gas leak.
so shut the fuck up and listen to me.
Your flight doesn't leave
for the next 37 hours.
so I want you to stay where you are.
Don't leave the apartment.
I'm coming to you.
Jesus Christ.
I'm going to Antwerp. put him straight.
Call Tom. Tell him to get
a passport ready for me.
Apart from Tom. no one outside
this room knows. You got that?
- Got it.
- Yeah.
The Agency is cleaning house.
That's why Henry was detained.
So. until we get the "all clear."
we keep all operational details tight.
- Understood?
- Yeah.
Sure.
I lied to you on several occasions. Poppy.
Lying kept me alive.
but it became a part of me.
A tap I couldn't turn off.
A way of making me safe.
I'm not running from the truth now.
I have one shot to prove myself.
To show where my allegiance lies.
To make all the pain
I've caused mean something.
I did what I had to do.
This is how I clean it up.
This is how I get back to the truth.
Tom. Is it ready?
All ready. We're...
good to go.
I know this is a rush job.
Is it a splice? Could I get stopped?
No. the scan is real. I tracked
it into the visa data set
using the same serials as the last one.
Nice work.
Got some serious stuff in there.
The safe's explosion-rated.
But you're storing
sensitive documents with what?
Block of C-4?
Is that a rack of detonators?
Yeah. I was just about to
separate them and move it
to secure storage when the call
for the passport came in.
Tom. this isn't
good enough. If one of these
pops off. if this cooks.
there's enough shit in there
to take down the whole building.
Slight exaggeration.
Enough to kill us both.
I wouldn't do that
with a det in your hand. sir.
- Shit. You're right.
- Yeah.
Let me dispose of that by the book.
Chances are low.
but following any impact.
there's a small chance they can arm.
There I was lecturing you about safety...
Yeah. Well. believe it or not.
I am pretty up on health and safety
when it comes to handling explosives.
All clear.
Look. I'm sorry. I...
There's a lot going on.
Yeah. You can say that again. sir.
Henry had you looking
into stuff for him. right?
I-I don't know anything.
If you have information
that could help clear his name.
you have to use it.
You sure about that. sir?
I'm sure.
Thanks for this.
Unregistered. loaded Glock 19.
kilo of C-4.
Station Chief authorization.
Security challenge code is in there.
Have a nice day. sir.
You. too.
Dad?
I got your message.
The number you have dialed
is no longer in service.
- Hey.
- Hi. it's Poppy.
- You said I could call.
- Is everything okay?
Dad's gone.
Did he say where he was going?
No.
- Where are you?
- I'm at his.
All right. don't move. I'm on my way.
"My wonderful daughter."
I had to leave. I'm so sorry.
I hate to vanish. Again.
I'll be gone awhile.
You won't be able to reach me.
No one will.
They'll ask you about me.
Tell them the truth.
If they tell you I killed
myself. if they show you proof.
don't believe it.
"I would never do that."
For you.
Let's talk about your childhood.
You were born on the 30th
of July. 1998. in Seville.
Raised in Sanlúcar. Andalucia.
Is your family there?
- Yes.
- Where did you live?
On the east side.
near the Plaza de Toros.
El Pino? The bullring.
- You know Sanlúcar?
- Ever go to a bullfight?
- No. I don't like them.
- I would love to see one.
I love the idea that the bull is both.
An opponent and a partner.
Did you know we have them
here in Iran?
- No.
- Yes. Up in the north.
Amongst the villages.
But here. the bull fights
another bull to the death.
When you grow up around it.
you see how backward and barbaric it is.
You don't get the romantic attraction
it has for foreigners.
Sounds like Iran.
I love Iran.
You do?
Don't you?
My patriotism is complex.
I find it easier to hate my
enemy than to love my homeland.
How stupid do you think I am?
I won't talk badly about Iran
in an interrogation room.
There is a dance.
But the bull dies in the end.
On occasion. the matador dies first.
Sanlúcar. quickly.
the street you grew up on.
- Escalera del Pasillo.
- Parallel to Chicuelina.
Perpendicular. not parallel.
- You go back a lot?
- No.
- Why?
- No reason to.
You have close family in the area?
Your mother? Your grandmother?
My grandmother's dead.
Yes. silly me.
That's why you went back
to Europe... for her funeral.
went to London to settle her estate.
Yes.
Was it your maternal
or your paternal grandmother?
Answer me.
I never met my paternal grandmother.
It was my mother's mother.
I have the death certificates
of both your grandmothers.
Neither died in 2023.
So. you lied.
Your Chinese friends made a mistake.
A sword glints in the sun. a cape swirls.
and the death blow nears.
I specialize in interrogating the Mossad.
With them. brute force is pointless.
They have an answer
to every question. Like you.
My grandmother just died of cancer.
Your documents are wrong.
Call the hospital.
It's a clinic in London.
King's. They'll tell you.
You place great trust in your
Chinese friends' abilities.
In order to achieve
lasting results.
it's gonna require more commitment
and cooperation with this process.
Actually.
I feel a whole lot better.
Pretty much as good as new.
These things take time.
Pain I can live with.
It's not short-term
pain that's the problem.
Some actions can lead
to permanent disability.
I need to speak with Bosko. It's urgent.
Well. how long is he gonna be?
Fuck.
And the truth of the matter is.
we're here to do anything we can to help.
To that end. we'd like to offer a solution
to your Tehran mess.
The man is Arash Namdar.
A major financier of the Quds force.
He arranges the flow of money
to Hezbollah in Lebanon.
to Hamas in Israel and Gaza.
and to the Houthis in Yemen.
He was arrested on money
laundering charges in June.
passing through Heathrow.
We have him.
The Iranians want him back.
We could slip him to the Spanish.
and they could offer up a trade.
The Iranians will take it.
You'll have no involvement.
So you'll just let us have it?
What's in it for you?
Gesture of goodwill
at the start of a new regime.
A sign of my intended
future close cooperation.
Well. we're. we're grateful to the SIS
and the British government for
this gesture of inter agency cooperation.
Sir. I have something
you need to see. Like. now.
Okay. come.
SIGINT ran analytics
on the recordings from the room
where Martian had his physio.
They were referenced
against the recording.
Gremlin made of the contact in Bahrain.
It's the same person.
and she works for SIS
on China desk under Richardson.
The woman who was sitting
right here. two minutes ago?
Yeah. she's how
he moved information to SIS.
Henry had the whole picture. It's all here.
It's why Martian shoved me off Gremlin.
I thought it was personal.
It was fucking tactical.
He didn't want me watching.
You are aware Henry
could've planted all this.
Most of this is
the same evidence that
the Brits gave us. you know.
just pointed the other way.
Not now. No. No. go away. Not now.
Not now!
- I said not now. damn it.
- Sir. yes. now.
I have a problem.
How did that happen?
I think he must've distracted me.
- Yeah. do you think?
- I'm sorry. sir.
Why wasn't it secured?
It was. It was in the safe.
He tricked me into opening it.
- Tricked you?
- What exactly did he take?
It's a plastic explosive.
- How much?
- Roughly? Kilo.
A fucking kilo? Are you...
All right.
You're telling me
you let Martian vanish downrange
with a black passport and
a fucking kilo of explosives?
And a loaded unregistered firearm.
Serial numbers filed off. rifling bored.
untraceable. also secured in the safe.
Not anymore.
What do you want?
You need to see this. sir.
Yeah. get me Rick. internal security.
So what? What is this?
This is more for me to see.
We found that in Martian's apartment.
Okay.
It amounts to a signed confession.
Thank you.
Where is he? Where's Martian?
He's not here.
He isn't here? Okay.
Jesus. fuck!
If you wanted a face-to-face...
Look. if this is about
Henry. I've done you a favor.
He was about to bring
a dump truck of shit
down on us. and you know it.
I saved your skin. You're welcome.
I was selling to you. to your cell.
If I'd known it was flying out
the back door to the Chinese.
I never would've agreed.
Endearing. the patriotic traitor.
Only we both know that's bollocks.
Because you didn't agree. you begged.
Begged me.
And it worked. for us both.
How long have you been taking
the Chairman's renminbi?
Since college? When you were
posted to Hong Kong?
I'm starting to realize your meteoric rise
through the Asia desk
had nothing to do with talent.
Only one talent matters
in what we do. survival.
Pull over.
Look. I'm "C" now.
I'm the fucking head of SIS.
We're both made for life.
So. stop waving that fucking...
Excuse me. sir.
He stopped moving.
They're two minutes out.
Secure the perimeter.
Clear.
Target not here.
You seeing what I'm seeing?
He wiped his phone.
Find him.
I know where he'll go.
No.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-